What to do with the rest of the shopkeeper
He is also the head of the Wuji Hall Commandment Hall
I'll leave these people to you
Yes
The Imperial Palace of the East and the rest of its guardians follow the Pan Kiln Rebellion
Attack the shopkeeper
Immediately take it back to the Wuji Palace for disposal
As for you riding sin as pigs
Little Mother
No, shopkeeper.
I didn't mean what happened today
Completely bewitched by Jiang Wenxing and Wang Ruofu
This is the consciousness
You have a lot of adults
Spare my life.
Isn't it a little late to say?
I just kept saying that it was killing me
I was confused for a while
Just speak wildly
Little shopkeeper, please forgive me
Somebody drag these two down
Kill immediately
Shopkeeper, please forgive me.
Little shopkeeper. Little shopkeeper.
Give me a break.
Shopkeeper
Jiang Wenxing
It's your turn, hahahaha.
What's the matter? Xiao Wuji is scared crazy
I am the son-in-law of the Daxia royal family
How dare you touch me?
Daxia will not forgive you
Even if it is the owner of the Promise Hall
You definitely can't leave Great Xia easily
How do you know?
The Daxia royal family did not have access to the Wuji Palace
Bergamot